VAR, VAR
x, ident
y, ident
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
BEGIN, BEGIN
x, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
10, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
y, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
20, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
IF, IF
x, ident
<=, simbolo_menor_igual
y, ident
THEN, THEN
x, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
x, ident
+, simbolo_mais
1, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
WHILE, WHILE
x, ident
<=, simbolo_menor_igual
y, ident
DO, DO
x, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
x, ident
-, simbolo_menos
1, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
y, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
y, ident
-, simbolo_menos
2, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
IF, IF
x, ident
>=, simbolo_maior_igual
y, ident
THEN, THEN
y, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
y, ident
*, simbolo_vezes
2, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
y, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
x, ident
/, simbolo_divisao
0, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
x, ident
:=, simbolo_atribuicao
x, ident
+, simbolo_mais
<, simbolo_menor
1, numero
;, simbolo_ponto_virgula
